Update schedule-coldkey-swap.md (#467)
opentensor/developer-docs: docs/subnets/schedule-coldkey-swap.md

Make sure you satisfy the below requirements before you proceed:

> 1. You must be the owner of old coldkey to schedule the coldkey swap.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You must be the owner of the old coldkey to schedule the coldkey swap.
```

:::danger If you do not own the new coldkey, you are **transferring complete ownership** of the coldkey.

> If the old coldkey is parent to any childkeys, **this process will transfer the childkeys and any TAO they are holding also**.  If the old coldkey is parent to any childkeys and **if you do not want to transfer the TAO tokens in the childkey accounts**, be sure to transfer TAO out of any childkeys **before** executing the extrinsic.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the old coldkey is parent to any childkeys, **this process will transfer the childkeys set and the respective delegation to them**.  If the old coldkey has any TAO balance and/or stake and **if you do not want to transfer these TAO tokens**, be sure to transfer the TAO out of the coldkey **before** executing the extrinsic.
```
